Reformat update process (#259)
artefactual/archivematica-docs: admin-manual/installation-setup/upgrading/upgrading.rst

If you're upgrading from Archivematica 1.8 or lower to the 1.9 version or
higher, the Elasticsearch version support changed from 1.x to 6.x and it's
also recommended to create a backup of your Elasticsearch data, specially if
you don't have access to the AIP storage locations in the local filesystem. 

> You can follow the following steps in order to create one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow these steps in order to create a backup of Elasticsearch:
```

    sudo service elasticsearch restart
    sleep 60s
    # Configure the ES backup
    curl -XPUT "localhost:9200/_snapshot/backup-repo" -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d \
    '{
         "type": "fs",
         "settings": {
         "location": "./",
         "compress": true
         }
     }'
    # Take the actual backup, and copy it to a safe place
    curl -X PUT "localhost:9200/_snapshot/backup-repo/am_indexes_backup?wait_for_completion=true"
    cp /var/lib/elasticsearch/backup-repo elasticsearch-backup -rf

For more info, refer to the `ElasticSearch 1.7 docs <https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/1.7/modules-snapshots.html>`_

.. _upgrade-search-indices:

Upgrade Elasticsearch and search indexes
----------------------------------------

.. note::

   Ignore this section if you are planning to run Archivematica without search
   indexes. Instead, follow the instructions on :ref:`how to upgrade
   Archivematica in indexless mode <upgrade-indexless>`.

Archivematica |release| uses Elasticsearch 6.x as its search engine. If you're
upgrading from Archivematica 1.8.x or lower, where Elasticsearch 1.x was the

> supported version, it's required to upgrade your Elasticsearch cluster and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported version, you are required to upgrade your Elasticsearch cluster and
```

indexes to the new version.

To complete this upgrade it is important to know if you have access to your
transfer backlog and AIP storage locations in the local filesystem.
These are usually located in the following paths:

* :file:`/var/archivematica/sharedDirectory/www/AIPsStore/transferBacklog`
* :file:`/var/archivematica/sharedDirectory/www/AIPsStore`

> You should confirm the paths of your installation in the Locations tab of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should confirm the paths for your installation in the Locations tab of the
```

Storage Service.

> If you have access to those locations, the recommended method for the upgrade is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have access to these locations, the recommended method for the upgrade is
```

to :ref:`recreate the indexes <recreate-indexes>`. Otherwise, you'll need to
:ref:`reindex from another cluster <cluster-reindex>`.

.. _upgrade-ubuntu:

Upgrade on Ubuntu packages
--------------------------

> 1. If you choose the :ref:`recreate the indexes <recreate-indexes>` , ElasticSearch 1.7 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you choose the :ref:`recreate the indexes <recreate-indexes>` option, ElasticSearch 1.7 
```

needs to be removed before proceeding with the upgrade. This can be done with:

.. code:: bash

   sudo apt-get remove --purge elasticsearch
   sudo mv /var/lib/elasticsearch /var/lib/elasticsearch-1.7.5

>    sudo mv /etc/elasticsearch /etc/elasticsearch-1.7.5

Reviewer: This ordered list might end up being misnumbered because this code block is interrupting the list, but I'm not 100% sure. If it is, the solution is to move the code block, including the directive, over by 3 spaces so that it's in line with the beginning of the list item text. That way, it's considered part of the list item and will not interrupt the numbering.

```
1. Here is my list item text.

   .. code:: bash
      sudo rm -rf /usr/share/python/archivematica-dashboard
```

.. note::

>    Please notice, the execution of this command may take a long time for big

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please note, the execution of this command may take a long time for big
```

   AIP and Transfer Backlog storage locations, especially if the AIPs are stored

>    compressed, or using a third party service. If that is your case, you may want to try the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   compressed, or you are using a third party service. If that is the case, you may want to try the
```

   For a more detailed instructions about how to run the upgrade with both
   Elasticsearch instances running in the same machine `visit our Wiki`_.

>    Verify that you hve a working ElasticSearch 1.7 instance with all your data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Verify that you have a working ElasticSearch 1.7 instance with all your data
```

>    before you start the upgrade!

Reviewer: It might be helpful to include a line about how people can verify this.

Author: Instructions for checking that are already in the wiki page, can I create a codeblock inside a note?
